KPI-Q1: Examine bounce rate for C# pattern matching tutorial (#20814)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md

## Language improvements C# 8.0

C# 8.0 is also part of this release, which includes the [nullable reference types](../../csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/nullable-reference-types.md) feature, async streams, and more patterns. For more information about C# 8.0 features, see [What's new in C# 8.0](../../csharp/whats-new/csharp-8.md).

Tutorials related to C# 8.0 language features:

> - [Tutorial: Express your design intent more clearly with nullable and non-nullable reference types](../../csharp/tutorials/nullable-reference-types.md)

Reviewer: I really like the way you've updated this.

- [Tutorial: Generate and consume async streams using C# 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0](../../csharp/tutorials/generate-consume-asynchronous-stream.md)

> - [Tutorial: Using pattern matching features to extend data types](../../csharp/tutorials/pattern-matching.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Tutorial: Use pattern matching to build type-driven and data-driven algorithms](../../csharp/tutorials/pattern-matching.md)
```
